DashboardList: Enable templating on search tag input (#31460)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/visualizations/dashboard-list-panel.md

- **Starred -** Display starred dashboards in alphabetical order.
- **Recently viewed -** Display recently viewed dashboards in alphabetical order.

> - **Search -** Display dashboards by search query or tags. You must enter at least one value in **Query** or **Tags**. For the **Query** and **Tags** fields, variable interpolation is supported, for example,`$my_var` or `[[my_var]]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Search -** Display dashboards by search query or tags. You must enter at least one value in **Query** or **Tags**. For the **Query** and **Tags** fields. Variable interpolation is supported, for example,`$my_var` or `[[my_var]]`.
```

> - **Search -** Display dashboards by search query or tags. You must enter at least one value in **Query** or **Tags**. For the **Query** and **Tags** fields. Variable interpolation is supported, for example,`$my_var` or `[[my_var]]`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Search -** Display dashboards by search query or tags. You must enter at least one value in **Query** or **Tags**. For the **Query** and **Tags** fields. Variable interpolation is supported, for example,`$my_var` or `${my_var}`.
```

> - **Search -** Display dashboards by search query or tags. Requires you to enter at least one value in **Query** or **Tags**. Variable interpolation is supported using the dollar sign syntax, `$my_var`, in the **Query** and **Tags** fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Search -** Display dashboards by search query or tags. You must enter at least one value in **Query** or **Tags**. For the **Query** and **Tags** fields, variable interpolation is supported using the dollar syntax, for example,`$my_var`.
```
